Previously on Eli Stone:
Mr. Stone, a senior associate,
was diagnosed with a brain aneurysm.
I thought you changed.
All that's changed is you're trying to
clean up your record for the hereafter.
All-Star catcher Jayson Turk hit a foul
ball which struck his coach in the head.
- I didn't do anything.
- Except find out your wife cheated
- with the guy you killed.
- I weathered your hostilities
when I was with Eli, but now that
I work here, I have got to know:
What the hell is your problem?
I don't like who Eli became
after he started dating you.
You know I've been seeing things lately.
It's crazy, huh?
I can't fire you. I'm not obligated
to provide you with an office,
an assistant. We're done.
Looks good, Mr. Stone.
Check it again, Frank. I'm telling you,
I smell a gaseous substance.
Mr. Stone, it's three in the morning.
I've been standing in your apartment
for the last 45 minutes
listening to you sniff.
It smells like smoke.
But there's like a fishy quality to it.
It's coming from the bedroom.
You have to smell that.
I really don't, but I'll say anything
to get back to my apartment.
Maybe something died in my closet.
- Did you hear that?
- No.
Whoo...
I like this blazer. Is it linen?
What the hell?
Sorry. Sorry,
there was a thing in the...
- I tripped.
- OK, a word of advice?
Do yourself a favor and buy a plunger.
Because next time your pipes back up,
you're on your own.
Eli, what are you doing?
I'm just making a few adjustments.
Well, you keep that up,
you're going to break your station.
It's not a station, this is my office.
Well, your office is tilted
to the right a bit.
Here and here.
If Taylor finds out you're answering
my phone and bringing me coffee...
- Is that cinnamon?
- Nutmeg.
Don't worry about Taylor. I'd like
to see her try and say something to me.
Peter Johnson. Peter Johnson.
These are all from the same guy.
Confirming and reconfirming
your lunch today.
Apparently Mr. Johnson is under
the impression that you are much busier
- than you actually are.
- I am busy. With scutwork.
I'm like the world's
highest paid intern.
Stone.
If I haven't said it already, I'm sorry
about the whole aneurysm thing.
Tough break, man. Does it affect
your fine motor skills?
No, not really.
- It's mostly...
- Good.
I'm gonna need this red-lined,
proofed and duplicated.
Thanks, buddy.
That was a
quick trip to the file room.
- Wasn't it, though?
- We should...
I had another call go straight
to voicemail while you were gone.
Mmm-hmm. That happens.
And my schedule, Patti,
I need to know when my meetings are.
You mean like the Wednesday morning
meeting that's going on right now?
So hurry on. Don't be late.
Was there anything else?
No. I think we're good.
First up, if you pay attention
to nothing else this morning
pay attention to this: Arvin Solinsky.
Yes, there is something about
that name that quiets the room.
Due to extenuating circumstances, we're
going to need a new senior associate
on the Solinsky team. You all
have the file, become experts.
For one of you,
it won't be a waste of time.
Next item, People v. Jayson Turk.
Mr. Dowd, Mr. Bennett,
what's happening with our baseball star?
I saw ESPN covered his arraignment live.
And the late night comedy shows.
Everyone's snickering at the suggestion
that Jayson Turk's a murderer 'cause
he hit the ball that killed his coach.
Having an affair with his wife.
He's a celebrity ballplayer
who happens to be using steroids.
Allegedly. As in "doesn't. "
"There's no such thing as bad publicity"
doesn't apply to criminal matters.
We've got a sit-down with the ADA
scheduled for this afternoon.
Holy mother of God!
I'm sorry. Aneurysm timeout.
Sorry.
Mr. Stone?
Peter Johnson.
Junior?
Sorry, but if I told
your assistant I was 15,
I don't think you would've shown up.
Only because I don't practice
pediatric law.
I Googled you. Big settlements. Big
judgments. You're on all the law blogs.
You're exactly
the kind of lawyer I need.
So what's the case?
You're suing the school cafeteria to put
French fries back on the menu?
My mom died. And I want to sue
the doctor who killed her.
Wow. Sorry, Peter.
Last year, my mom, Laura, went in
for minor surgery, hernia operation.
The anesthesiologist, Dr. Agon,
never bothered to check her charts,
gave her the wrong anesthesia and...
They said she had a heart attack
at the table. It's all in the file.
Looks like you've been to
a few lawyers already.
- Six.
- Well, so you know
- what I'm about to tell you.
- Malpractice is difficult to prove.
What does your dad say?
It was just me and my mom.
Now me and my grandma.
- That's awful, Peter.
- I'm not looking for sympathy.
I've got cases in the file.
Seven figure settlements.
Nine, ten million dollars each.
With the right lawyer behind me,
with the resources of a firm like...
Well, you see, that's the thing.
I mean, my firm isn't exactly...
I've been kind of demoted and...
They won't let me take on
new cases right now.
So, I...
- "Dragon. "
- No, his name's "Agon. "
I guess I should get his name right
if I'm gonna be suing him.
A single mom? And she died
on the operating table?
You should meet this kid.
He's all alone. It's tragic, really.
It is to those of us actually
interested in helping people.
I am interested in helping people.
Only because you're afraid of dying
and you're trying to suck up to God.
I'm sitting in a cubicle.
I don't even have my own stapler.
Believe me, there are far less
humiliating ways
that I could be sucking up to God.
Besides, you're perfect for this case.
No one else has the heart,
the warm compassion...
- Now you're sucking up to me.
- No, I'm not.
We work great together.
We're like a team.
Were like a team. My suggestion?
Go find yourself another peon to pee on.
OK, fine. Be pissed at me,
but don't take it out on this kid.
- This poor, orphaned kid.
- You are unbelievable.
It's like I'm a fish and you're using
a kid and his dead mom as bait.
Is it working?
First year associates can't
try cases alone. It's firm policy.
It's inviolate.
Yes. But I wouldn't be trying
the case alone. Eli... Mr. Stone is...
- Dead to me.
- And properly so, sir.
But still alive enough to remain a
senior associate, at least technically,
and since he can still practice law,
thanks particularly to you, sir...
Flattery and judicious use of loopholes.
Clearly, you know the fastest way
to my heart. Very well, have at it.
With the caveat
that you will first chair.
You realize that I've never first
chaired a dinner party, let alone a...
Mr. Stone is on probation.
He is not to participate.
If he so much as sneezes in open court,
you will be held responsible.
- And by "responsible," you mean...
- I can't fire Mr. Stone.
But you enjoy no such protection.
Good luck with the case.
Wishing you nothing but the best.
You're late.
- You're wearing two different shoes.
- I am? Well, it's your fault!
I'm operating on zero sleep.
I'm terrified, Eli.
- Of what?
- Of losing this case!
Of getting completely and totally fired.
Your fiancée who's been
staring daggers at me ever since
- you and I went to Hawaii together.
- On a case. Just like this one.
Besides that, she's my ex-fiancée.
And besides that,
the daggers, all in your head.
Helpful tip: Don't ever tell a woman,
particularly one who's
a senior associate on your case,
that she's paranoid.
Yeah, this isn't gonna get old.
First thing I want you to do
is fast-track a trial date.
- I did it this morning.
- Great. Excellent.
Then you can get to work drafting
the subpoena for surgical records.
- Pre, during, and post. Done.
- OK. Good. Good job.
- Agon's assets?
- I got an intern looking into them.
- What time is it?
- 9:20.
OK, we have to get to a depo
at the hospital where Peter's mom died.
You noticed a deposition?
Without running it past me first?
- I'm lead counsel.
- You're right, with your job in danger,
of course you'd want to make all
the decisions without any input from me.
Well, scheduling that depo
was a smart idea. Good initiative.
- OK, then, so now I'm going to...
- Borrow a pair of matching shoes,
grab your notes, back here in five.
OK.
Guys, this has been going on too long.
Being here, this seems like a mistake.
I pay you to talk to the DA
so I don't have to.
You want to give Sweren some face time,
show him that respect.
Respect? I did nothing wrong.
This feels like I'm looking for a favor.
No, that's why we've got him
traveling to us.
You're the reasonable citizen
pointing out the error of his ways.
Which is why we wanted
your wife here. To show support.
Well, I guess she thought she was
supportive enough by sleeping
with my third-base coach.
- She's kind of moved out.
- That's tough, I'm sorry.
It wasn't exactly her choice
I kind of packed for her.
Pragmatically, Jayson, if you guys
could reconcile that wouldn't be
the worst thing, trial strategy-wise.
He's kidding, right?
I thought the whole idea behind meeting
with this guy was to avoid a trial.
- It is.
- All I'm saying...
This got messengered over
from the ADA's office.
Where is the ADA?
He's not coming. Put it in.
I bet you a thousand bucks
you can't do that again.
All right, all right.
Mikey, one right over the plate.
Well, I guess we know why the ADA
didn't come to our meeting.
He didn't have to.
- Because of that?
- Our defense was gonna be,
"Who could hit a ball accurately
enough to kill somebody?"
The tape's the answer. He'll argue
it proves means and premeditation.
- That was me goofing around.
- Believe me when I say
it's not gonna play that way
to 12 people in a jury box.
- We need to talk about options.
- Absolutely not.
We're going into the court
with a straight "not guilty" defense.
- Nothing less.
- Jayson...
No, we're done talking. I was right.
I should have stayed home.
You're the lawyers, you fix this.
I'm not going to court
because I hit a damn baseball.
Why are you so intent
on selling out our client?
I know you got a Jayson Turk lunchbox
and everything, but wake up.
Killing a guy with a foul ball's
obtuse even for Wile E. Coyote.
- I don't care what's on that tape.
- An opinion informed by
your two and a half weeks
of criminal defense experience?
He's your idol, I get it,
but all a jury's gonna see
is a black man who killed the guy
who was banging his wife.
The video's a smoking gun.
We've got a meeting
with the judge tomorrow.
If we can get
the "smoking gun" excluded,
will you get behind
a straight acquittal?
That's a pretty huge "if. "
In your capacity as
administrator of Cypress Memorial,
were you present for work
on March 26th of last year?
Are you going to ask me that question
for every day of the past year?
Well... I like to be thorough.
Let me jump to the bottom line.
When a patient is taking
migraine medication,
like Ms. Johnson was,
and an anesthesiologist who pushed
opiates like Dr. Agon did,
you end up with what we call
a "serotonin storm. "
It's preventable and it's what
killed your client's mother.
- And so you...
- Fired his ass.
Then I tried to figure out
why we hired him in the first place.
Why?
- Is my favorite vowel.
- Agon came very highly recommended.
We didn't hear any of the rumors
until after Laura Johnson's death.
- What rumors?
- Negligence, malpractice,
a mortality rate
15 percent higher than the norm.
The truth is, St. Vincent's
unloaded this guy on us.
They knew about Agon's track record
and covered it up
because they were exposed
all over the place
You can't blame another hospital
for malpractice committed at yours.
You want to sue us, go ahead.
Shut me down.
I haven't slept in three years.
Of course, you'll be depriving
this community
of the only ER in 20 miles.
I have a better idea.
We drop our lawsuit
against your hospital.
- What?
- And you retain us as counsel.
Peter Johnson will be your co-plaintiff.
I'm sorry, Ms. Brehe,
but he's not supposed to speak.
- Who are we all suing?
- St. Vincent's.
My client and your hospital both
suffered because St. Vincent's lied.
I like the sound of that. I'm in.
What's our next step?
I avoid getting killed by my brother.
St. Vincent's is his hospital.
Dude. What the hell?
- Nate, did we have?
- You sue my hospital,
my place of business,
and you don't tell me first?
I was going to, but then I knew that you
would get mad and there'd be yelling.
And, obviously, I was wrong.
- You know how I spent my morning?
- I heard that doctors like golf.
In the chief of staff's office
listening to him lose his mind
because some jackass is suing
our hospital for malpractice
- committed at someone else's hospital!
- Aren't you overreacting?
- It's not like I named you in the suit.
- That is not the point.
We don't need lawyers
to keep us honest.
Someone dies and no one wants to
find out what went wrong more than us.
But now what we don't need is
to be dragged into court because some...
Because someone
is looking to make a buck.
St. Vincent's dumped this guy, Nate,
and a 15-year-old kid's mom
died because of it.
So you can go back and you can tell
your boss that you tried your best,
but the money-grubbing ambulance chaser
you're related to couldn't be swayed.
Videotape has no evidentiary value.
That's their argument?
Not all videotape.
This particular videotape.
Someone let the Supreme Court know
because it would be news to them.
- Counsel's being an ass.
- Got an idea.
Why don't we exclude
the entire baseball game
during which Coach Quesada was killed?
That was on video.
Mr. Bennett, you were being premature.
Now the ADA's being an ass.
Your Honor?
You pin your case
on anonymously sourced video.
Did you really imagine there
wouldn't be a motion to exclude?
No, but I didn't imagine
you'd actually grant it.
I haven't granted anything yet.
But I am going to hear their argument.
- Call me crazy.
- Your Honor,
evidence is only admissible
if it's more reliable than prejudicial.
And here it's not reliable
because it's digital.
All right, all right.
Mikey, one right over the plate.
You swing that lumber pretty good, Paul.
Did you play college ball?
- It's a stunt.
- True, but it's a good one.
Without the author of the tape,
I can't determine its reliability.
The recording's out.
Defense motion granted.
My name is Trevor Snyder.
I am chief administrator for
St. Vincent's Hospital in San Francisco.
This is a copy of the 805
health facility reporting form
received by your counterpart
at Cypress Memorial,
already admitted as plaintiff's B.
Could you read the highlighted
paragraph out loud?
"It is with great regret that
I recommend Jeffrey Agon.
Regret not because
I have concerns about his ability,
but because a doctor of his unassailable
record is impossible to replace. "
And now could you read it
again louder?
Or, instead, could you...
...tell me whose signature
is at the bottom?
That would be mine.
And when you wrote in the letter that
Dr. Agon's record was "unassailable,"
what did you mean?
It meant his record
could not be attacked.
Why is it that Cypress Memorial
heard nothing about the three patients
who died at your hospital?
Wasn't Dr. Agon the anesthesiologist
in all three surgeries?
He was cleared of any wrongdoing.
Dr. Agon himself was called
to account for the incident at
our Morbidity & Mortality conference.
Yes, the M and M conference. I think
I'd like to see the transcript...
Objection.
Under evidence code 1157 peer review
conference transcripts are inadmissible.
Sustained. Get at it another way.
So three patients dead in two months.
I guess the only explanation
would just be, what, bad luck?
Those patients died in my hospital,
Ms. Dekker.
On my watch. I don't appreciate what
you're implying and I don't approve
of what you're doing
to my colleague's reputation.
- You mean attacking his record.
- Yes.
Well if I'm doing that, it's not
exactly "unassailable," is it?
- How awesome was I today?
- You were awesomely awesome.
You signaled it, I said it.
It was like I was inside your head.
You know, I made up a little song about
first chairing. You want to hear it?
Maybe later, but probably not.
So we have Dr. Agon himself tomorrow.
He won't underestimate you.
You have to hammer him.
He'll say "accidents happen. "
He's had an above-average
number of accidents.
Don't get into statistics,
the jury will tune out.
Keep Peter in your eye line,
don't forget him.
If you remember why you're there,
- the jury will too.
- I'm sorry.
And don't apologize before you've
screwed up, it's not encouraging.
No, I meant
I'm sorry for how I reacted.
- To your aneurysm.
- Thanks.
But what does this have to do
with our case?
You really care about it.
Not just about winning.
You care about winning it for Peter.
You're right. You're an object
of ridicule, a professional pariah,
- reduced to barely practicing law.
- I feel better.
If you're sucking up,
there are better ways.
Well, God and I enjoy
a pretty complicated relationship.
At least I'm starting to believe in
what he wants me to do.
It's like I see things now, you know?
Things that were always there,
but that I just never noticed before.
Like people who need help.
Including high anxiety,
borderline competent junior associates.
Well, at least I'm "borderline" now.
- Uh, hey.
- Hey.
- How are you?
- Good. I'm good. How are you?
There's no way to ask this
without it sounding weird, but...
I have a surprise that I'm sure no one
would appreciate more than you,
so I was hoping you'd be free
tomorrow night?
Tomorrow night.
- Looking forward to it.
- Me too.
Medicine's dirty little secret's that
it's not an exact science. Wish it were.
So if medicine isn't an exact science,
Dr. Agon, does that mean
that operational complications
are never the doctor's fault?
Not "never," but in this instance I was
cleared by a thorough investigation.
This "thorough investigation"
being the M and M conference
which is shrouded by secrecy.
- Objection.
- I would like to answer that.
I petitioned the hospital
to release those transcripts.
It was my reputation on the line.
The hospital's pathology department
attributed those deaths
to malignant hyperthermia.
- What is that?
- On rare occasions,
a patient will have an extreme
and fatal reaction to anesthetic.
The body temperature
will spike and the heart fails.
And it's completely unforeseeable.
- Like... lightning.
- That's right.
So, what you're saying is that
three of your patients just happened
to be struck by lightning?
Your metaphor belittles
the very real human tragedy here.
Your admitting and OR privileges were
suspended for six months last year,
- isn't that right?
- Yes.
Because I was on sabbatical,
not suspension.
I took six months off to finish my book,
Principles of Anesthesia,
which is now being taught
in medical schools across the country.
I'm sorry for your loss, son.
And more than anything in the world,
I wish I could bring your mom back.
Was that as big a disaster
as I think it was?
No, it could have been worse.
It could still be going on.
Why didn't you tell me
she was going to do the talking?
- I hired you, not her.
- Well, we're a team.
And we're not done fighting yet.
Either of us.
Going to court was supposed
to make it better, but...
I feel worse now than I did before.
I'm gonna make you
a promise that I'm not supposed to.
There's no amount of money that we can
win that will make up for what happened,
but that's not why you're here, anyway.
You want justice, right?
Well, that's the promise
I'm going to make to you.
I won't stop until you get it. OK?
I was just calling you.
Celebration dinner tonight.
You, me and Turk. You're paying.
No, I'm not because
there's nothing to celebrate.
Sweren just delivered
an updated witness list.
The first addition: Carly Turk.
That's OK. We roll with it.
She can't hurt us.
You're right. She can kill us.
She's the murderer's wife.
- She has something to say?
- Calling your own client a murderer.
You actually believe
he killed this guy on purpose.
Understand this,
it doesn't matter what I believe.
They're not going
to convict Jayson Turk.
You ever even watch
a baseball game, Keith?
This guy's the greatest catcher
since Johnny Bench.
He's a national treasure.
Open your eyes and be a lawyer.
The DA believes they have
the crime of the century here.
They're prosecuting a celebrity, they've
got 100,000 witnesses,
and now they've got his own wife
testifying against him.
It is time for us to earn our keep
and come up with a strategy beyond
- "he didn't do it. "
- Even if he didn't.
Ask yourself this: You want to be
his friend or keep him out of jail?
- I'm glad you called.
- Really?
I love surprises.
At $3,000 a ticket, you better.
Three thousand?
Is Jimi Hendrix playing?
It's for charity and my career
took an upturn today.
- I'll be able to afford it.
- What kind of upturn?
- I got Solinsky.
- You...
- Are you upset?
- No, I could not be happier.
You seem disappointed
that I'm not disappointed.
Just surprised.
And maybe a little confused.
I don't know. I was prepared
for disappointed or jealous
or even angry. But "couldn't be
happier" throws me a little.
Well, I don't know why it should.
I guess it wasn't that long ago
when you would've been upset.
Well, I'm in a different place
in my life now, I guess.
A different place from me.
Ladies and gentlemen,
George Michael.
Oh, not now. Please.
Thank you so much for coming.
Wait...
This is incredible.
Full circle.
Thank you for that.
I thought you might enjoy
the real thing.
I thought I was never gonna
see George Michael
when he wasn't standing
on my coffee table.
It turned out to be
kind of appropriate, I guess.
George's house call marked
the beginning of the end for us, so...
- Listen, Taylor...
- So I was thinking
maybe we should give each other
some breathing room at work.
Steer clear. You know,
just until we get our bearings.
- I'm sorry. What were you going to say?
- Same thing. You know,
breathing, steer clear, bearings.
But just less concisely and
with none of the right words.
- Travel safe.
- You too.
OK.
Whoa!
Nate?
- You're a knight.
- It is night. It's 2:00 in the morning.
You know something. You're supposed
to help me. I had a vision.
You mean another episode.
OK.
So I sued your hospital because
I was getting fly-bys from a dragon,
and now I'm getting nearly trampled
to death by a knight on a horse.
Nate, the knight was you.
An hour ago, you were chasing a dragon
down Foster Street on horseback.
An hour ago, I was here. Asleep.
And my horse
hasn't been ridden all night.
Can I please go to bed now?
My client's mother was killed
by Dr. Agon's malpractice.
Dr. Agon. D-R-Agon. Dragon.
Knights slay dragons, Nate.
Do you have any idea
how delusional you sound?
I mean it's like watching Charles Manson
on the Wheel of Fortune.
How did I know your patient
was going to die last month?
Or about the song you and Dad
sang on the fishing trip?
- You believed me.
- I believed that they were
massive coincidences
that totally blew my mind, yeah.
I was hammered at the time
so if you had told me
I had an arm growing out
of my forehead, I'd have believed you.
You know something about my case.
Now what is it?
- You were at Agon's M and M conference.
- The confidential proceeding
that I can't talk about even
if I was there? That conference?
I need to know what was said.
- You can tell me.
- I can't.
That's what "privileged" means.
As a lawyer you'd know that.
- Were you part of the cover-up?
- No. God, no.
And, yeah, I thought the guy
was incompetent.
One of the nurses called him
a "lawsuit in scrubs,"
but I had no idea
that they had lied about his record.
It doesn't matter,
there is no judge in the universe
who will allow me to testify
about what was said.
You're right.
But you just helped me anyway.
You understand
you're under oath.
I do.
Mr. Snyder, you testified that Dr. Agon
had resigned from your hospital,
- that you didn't fire him.
- Yes. That is right.
Is that clear enough this time?
And just before Dr. Agon resigned,
he lost a patient,
a man named Eric Shelby.
And by "lost" I mean killed.
Dr. Agon didn't kill anyone. He was
cleared of malfeasance or negligence.
At your hospital's
Morbidity and Mortality conference.
Specifically, the one held
August 11, 2006?
Objection. Ms. Dekker's forgotten what's
said in these conferences is privileged.
I haven't asked him
what was said at the conference.
Stay on the right side of that line,
counsel. Objection overruled.
Are notes taken
at these M and M conferences?
Specifically the August 11th conference?
Yes. There is always a stenographer
present. We take detailed notes,
- but...
- Don't those notes
reflect testimony establishing
significant negligence
on the part of Dr. Agon?
Did his nurse describe him
as a "lawsuit in scrubs"?
- Those are privileged!
- Is that a yes?
Objection. Counsel hasn't produced
these transcripts to the defense.
I haven't introduced
any transcripts... yet.
Objection overruled.
Answer the question.
Was there significant negligence?
Yes.
And one last thing.
If Dr. Agon hadn't resigned,
you were going to fire him, correct?
Yes.
That might be something
his next employer
deserved to know, don't you think?
Five hundred thousand,
exchange of releases,
- and a confidentiality agreement.
- Five hundred thousand?
That's... insulting. I'm insulted.
I'm advising my clients to be insulted.
The malpractice wasn't committed
at my client's hospital.
After what happened, I'm not sure
the jury cares, but maybe I'm wrong.
One-point-one. I don't have board
authorization to go any higher.
Too bad, because you're going
to have to go higher.
One-point-five. Firm.
Take it or leave it.
- I think we'll... take it.
- Take it.
- We'll take it.
- No. It's not enough.
Could we have the room, please?
You promised. This isn't justice.
One point five million
is a lot of justice, Peter.
You were right, money
won't bring my mom back.
I want someone to say
that what they did was wrong.
I can't promise you that.
No lawyer can.
I don't know what
the jury's going to do.
I guess...
I need to find out.
All right, Peter. If that's what
you want to do then we'll do it.
I am so sorry, Tom. No, no.
No, it won't happen again.
I promise... Hello?
Patti!
Patti.
I just got off the phone with
Tom Brevoort from Chaykin Technologies.
A call, I might add, I picked up myself.
And he was furious that I hadn't
returned his five previous phone calls.
I'm sorry. I can't imagine
what could've happened.
I know you think I'm
the Wicked Witch of the West...
East. She was worse.
They dropped a house on her.
But I am your boss now, Patti.
You are on my desk, which means
you have a choice to make.
I get a choice? Really?
Well, it's been nice working with you.
No, Patti. You have a choice
between working at this firm or not.
When Eli was demoted, they were
going to let you go. I intervened.
Eli loves you and so I wanted
to protect you because of that.
So here's the thing.
This is entirely in your hands.
You decide how this plays out.
Because after this last week,
I've got to be honest with you,
either way is fine with me.
Has the jury reached a verdict?
We have. In the matter
of Peter Johnson and Cypress Memorial v.
St. Vincent's Hospital,
we find in favor of the plaintiffs
and award compensatory damages
in the amount of $28,000.
Because of the institutionalized fraud
on the part of St. Vincent's,
we further award punitive damages
in the amount of $8 million.
Wow. Wow.
Eight million is... Wow.
You have to split that
with Cypress Memorial.
Ms. Brehe said she was going
to name a wing after my mom.
That's cool, right?
Seven lawyers later,
I'm glad you hung in there.
Your mom would be proud.
Thank you so much. OK, bye.
Congratulations, counselor.
- I have to go kill myself. Goodbye.
- Maggie, it's only weird if we...
If this is how she reacts
when she wins a case,
I do not want to be here
when she loses.
No, it's not about the case.
She's just...
You don't want to know.
Even if I did, my boss wouldn't
approve of me wasting my time.
Speaking of which,
have you seen Ms. Wethersby?
- "Ms. Wethersby?"
- Yes.
Jordan wants to see her in his office.
Apparently you too.
- The day started off so well.
- Life is full of disappointment, Eli.
Are you all right?
Yeah, it's just...
It's no fun anymore.
Well, I guess that's why
they call it work.
Never used to feel like it.
- Patti?
- Taylor Wethersby's office.
No, she isn't. May I take a message?
Temporary insanity?
Are you kidding me?
- It's still a not guilty plea.
- Yeah, not guilty because I'm crazy!
What happened to not guilty
'cause I'm not guilty?
- Your wife happened.
- I thought wives couldn't testify.
We tell you your wife's cooperating
with the DA, and that's your response?
What other kind of response
are you looking for?
"She couldn't possibly have
anything to tell the DA.
I never threatened him. "
That'd be nice.
He was screwing my wife.
I threatened him, but I didn't kill him.
- That's the way it looks.
- I don't care how it looks.
Look, we're not your entourage, OK?
You pay us to tell you what you
need to hear, not what you want to.
This will work.
The law says you're not guilty
if you weren't in your right mind.
Steroids have that effect.
I told you, I don't do that crap.
Bottom line,
you admit to the steroid use,
we can protect you on the murder charge.
You agree with him?
Jayson, listen to me, man:
The day I passed the Bar,
you hit for the cycle against Detroit.
The day I joined this firm,
you caught Balderrama's no-hitter.
I can chart my entire adult life
by the things you did in yours.
Now I'm telling you I'm not so sure
you weren't aiming for your coach,
and I'm your biggest fan.
So you tell me,
what's a jury gonna think?
If I say I'm juicing, that's it.
They'll kick me out of the league.
My sponsors, The Hall of Fame...
We're talking about your life here.
Baseball is my life.
I'll think about it.
You're not fooling anyone, Mr. Stone.
Though Ms. Dekker
was the attorney of record,
courthouse insiders have figured out
who truly deserves the credit
for this afternoon's victory
in the St. Vincent's case.
- I didn't do anything special.
- This changes nothing between us.
I mention the courthouse gossip because
it reached the ears of Arvin Solinsky.
Our high profile client feels
he needs a high profile attorney
and, like it or not,
Eli's profile keeps...
- Getting higher.
- Solinsky doesn't need me.
Taylor's a far better choice.
Believe me, I made that case,
but he wants you.
And regardless of what he wants,
it'd be malpractice to entrust
the case solely to you.
- Taylor, you'll stay on as co-counsel.
- What?
I recognize that the timing
is not ideal, but...
Sir, you have to tell Solinsky
that I'm unavailable.
Tell him anything.
Tell him I got hit by a bus.
Even if I got to drive it,
I couldn't do that.
The firm can't afford to lose Solinsky.
Make no mistake, by the end,
you will be on the Solinsky case.
So let's jump to the end
of this meeting.
What is it you're looking for here?
Some of your privileges back?
Your expense account?
Your company car?
- Your old office?
- I don't want my office back.
You have the right person in there.
All I want is four walls and a door.
- No more cubicles.
- Done.
And one more thing.
Eli Stone's office, please hold.
- Hi.
- Hello, sweetie.
- I'm here to see Mr. Stone?
- Right this way.
- Mr. Johnson's here.
- Hey.
Nice office. It's unorthodox.
Well, kind of goes with my practice.
Is everything OK?
The school cafeteria
took French fries off the menu,
so I'm thinking about suing.
My grandma told me I need
to bring you a thank you gift,
and the check hasn't cleared yet.
So I thought, maybe,
I'd give you something else.
My mom used to read this to me
all the time when I was little.
I know it's weird,
giving you a book, but...
...it means a lot to me.
Peter, this is the biggest fee
I ever got.
Wait until the two million dollar
check clears.
Anyway...
Thanks again, Mr. Stone.
Bye.